# Contributing to Pronouns.LGBT

First off, thank you so much for wanting to contribute. Our project goal is to
help folks learn, and one of the best ways we can do that is by expanding our
content and learning ourselves!

There's a few things you'll need to know about what we'd love to see and what
you need to get started.

## Code of Conduct

This project and everyone participating in it is governed by our
[Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you are expected to
follow this as we will enforce it strictly.

Please do note that when determining if something is unacceptable behavior, we
will:

1. Prioritize marginalized people's safety over privileged people's comfort
2. Prioritize impact over intent

Report unacceptable behavior to
[conduct@pronouns.lgbt](mailto:conduct@pronouns.lgbt).

## Ways to Contribute

Here's some common things you may want to do to contribute, and what the best
way is to go about contributing to them.

### Adding New Pronouns

First and foremost, your pronouns, and you, are valid. And if we missed them,
that would never mean that they are not. It's most likely because they aren't
super common that they haven't made our list.

We likely can't cover all the pronouns, but we do our best to cover as many as
we can, especially the common ones. If you have a request for us to add new
pronouns to our pronoun page and sticker options, simply file and issue here
in GitHub using the Pronoun Request template.

### Suggesting Substative Content Changes

Sometime we miss something, or don't get something quite right. We're only human
afterall, but we'd love to learn and do better!

If you feel we should make changes to our site that would change the meaning,
context, or content of it, please file an issue on GitHub using the Content
Change Request template. In that issue, please do your best to not only tell us
what you'd like changed, but also include as much context as to why you'd like
it changed too. This helps us learn, and can help make getting the change
approved a much smoother process.

### Making Minor Copy Fixes

For minor copy fixes that fix missed words, spelling mistakes, or otherwise are
cosmetic changes, feel free to simply open a pull request with the changes. If
they end up being significant changes, we may request an issue on it. If you are
unsure if a change should be considered "minor" enough to warrant just a pull
request fix, feel free to file an issue to discuss it further.

### Improving Accessibility

Accessibility is a requirement to this site, and is non-optional. If we have in
some way failed to meet that requirement, please let us know. File a bug report
in GitHub or feel free to submit a pull request with details about what was
wrong and how it has been addressed.

### Suggesting Design or Interaction Changes

If you'd like to suggest updates to the design of either the site or of our
digital stickers, please file a GitHub issue detailing the improvements. If the
changes are significant, we may defer it to a future date, but design work is
always appreciated.

### Reporting Incorrect or Problematic Content

We will be doing everything we can to ensure content is as un-problematic as
possible, but also recognize that we may slip up. If that is the case, please
let us know immediately by filing a bug report in GitHub with a link to the
content that is incorrect or problematic.

### Asking a Question

If you have a question, you can ask it by filing an issue in GitHub, just be
sure to label it as a question using the `question` label. We will do our best
to answer it when we are able.

### Other Requests or Changes

For all other requests or changes, please file an issue using the closest
available general template.
